well howdy there Internet people its
bubble again there's a storm coming so
if it gets noisy just bear with me we're
gonna talk about Iran real quick today
seems important remember in that last
video I said when they push for war
while we're here wasn't a matter of if
it was when I think it's gonna be harder
to sell this war because people who are
familiar with the region are not going
to remain silent and complicit this time
I don't think in that vein I would like
to start and we will start with what was
told to Congress apparently the regional
Shia power is now sponsoring a Sunni
group al Qaeda is getting its support
from Iran not from other Sunni nations
like Saudi Arabia and all the places
they always have historically they're
getting it from Iran even though al
Qaeda is on the verge of embracing a
tock fury style of ideology which will
lead them to kill sheís the she is there
now sponsoring I understand you guys
like to you know fancy yourselves as
intelligence professionals who lie for a
living but could you at least make the
lies believable my 13 year old could
come up with a better story than that I
understand that you're banking on the
fact that Americans do not understand
the difference between the various types
and schools of thought in Islam but
we're going to tell them this time let's
talk about that drone may be saying it
was shot down over the Straits of Hormuz
in international waters that's possible
it's possible that it's completely
plausible that that that is accurate
there's some debate but it's plausible
the Straits of Hormuz are a confusing
place it is completely within the realm
of possibility that a military would
mistake the location of an aircraft or
shoot one down that they shouldn't bad
that's that's that's completely possible
in fact it's happened before when the
u.s. blew Iran air 655 out of the sky
killing 290
including 66 kids and never even
apologized for it that didn't start a
war but now you want us to send people
into harm's way because they blew
Wally's flying cousin out of the sky no
absolutely not
it's ridiculous we know what this is
about we understand what this is about
you're not going to be able to fool
anybody this time I'm gonna read a tweet
22nd of October 2012 from Donald J Trump
don't let Obama play don't let Obama
play the iran card in order to start a
war in order to get elected
be careful republicans yeah you don't
get to do it either you don't get to do
it either that's what this is about that
accusation is it's a confession that's
what this is about
you want to get reelected why don't you
stand on the value of your policies
they're winning right stand on those
instead of standing on the graves of
American troops and innocent Iranians
you want to put the country on a wartime
footing because you're gonna get a bump
in the polls and you don't care if
American soldiers die to get it anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night